mysterious corporation sets eight
candidates for the final stage of
selection for a prestigious job
welcome back to popcorn time movie
digest today i will show you a science
fiction thriller film from 2009
titled exam spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
as the story reveals itself we learned
that the prospective employer is a
powerful biotech corporation that has
built its wealth on discovering a way to
inhibit the deadly symptoms of an
unnamed viral pandemic
each character is given more layers of
substance and emotion through this
these are ruthless people driven for
personal reasons to succeed
but not because they're bad the
treatments are expensive
some have a loved one with a viral
infection some have the infection
themselves
eight talented candidates have reached
the final stage of selection for a
prestigious job to join the ranks of a
mysterious and powerful corporation
the group enters a room and sits at
individual desks
they have past previous requirements not
mentioned in the film
each desk has a paper printed with a
word candidate and a number from one to
eight
the invigilator a representative of the
company data prev
explains that the exam is 80 minutes and
consists of only one question
there is one question before them and
one answer is required
inside the room there will be no laws
other than what the company permits
he outlines three rules they must obey
or be disqualified
there is one question before you and one
answer is required
if you try to communicate with him or
the guard you will be disqualified
if you spoil your paper intentionally or
accidentally you will be disqualified
if you choose to leave this room for any
reason you will be disqualified
the invigilator asks the candidates if
they have any questions
he sets the clock at 80 minutes and
leaves the room
as the exam starts the candidates turn
over their question papers
only to find their completely blank they
turn their paper over and find nothing
is written on the back
after the initial confusion has subsided
one frustrated chinese candidate rights
i believe i deserve
and is promptly ejected for spoiling
after her rejection
a young white man realize it is
permissible to talk to each other
he stands up and convinces everyone to
work together until they find what the
question is
one candidate white assigns insulting
names to the candidates according to
their physical appearance
black blonde brown brunette
dark and deaf for one candidate who does
not speak or respond to the group
at first they suspect the question may
be hidden in their papers like a
security marker in a credit card
and they figure out ways to change their
environment to expose the hidden words
they try to read a hidden message in the
papers by placing them in front of tubes
of ultraviolet lights that horizontally
surround the room
they then break the tube so that the
emergency lights come on
when they break the emergency tubes they
find infrared light
they also try spilling liquids over the
paper and other plans all come to none
the candidates speculate on the exam's
purpose and the nature of the company
whose identity is shrouded in mystery
dark claims that the ceo is highly
secretive and has not been seen since
the initial public offering
it is bit by bit uncovered that the
organization is answerable for a miracle
drug intended to treat a condition
tormenting a huge piece of the populace
because of a viral pandemic
in the chaos white takes control of the
group as a de facto leader
brunette finds they can touch the guard
as long as they don't converse with him
she tracks down a lighter in one of his
pockets she needs to light the alarm
since it might create some different
options from water which might uncover a
photo that shows the question
she hops onto a table yet at the same
time can't arrive at the sprinkler
white offers her a paper and in the wake
of succeeding she finds that white gave
her own paper
so she is disqualified white engineers
the disqualifications of brunette and
def or spoil their papers
soon enough the candidates begin to
uncover each other's background
prejudices and hidden agendas tensions
rise as the clock steadily descends
towards
zero and each candidate must decide how
far they are willing to go to secure the
ultimate job
white also begins taunting the others
saying he has figured out the question
but will not tell them in response black
punches white in the face
knocking him unconscious and ties him to
a chair
they find that brown is an expert
gambler and he proposes that the board
of directors is covered up on the
opposite side of the divider wagering on
hulwin
dark is a psychoanalyst who is by all
accounts the one in particular who has
some data about the organization
the items it sells its extension and so
forth
yet none of the other candidates were
able to find any information in spite of
doing some research
they believe she's a covert agent inside
the organization and is really working
for them and they need to get the
question out from her with torment
at the point when brown will torture her
by cutting her with a piece of paper
they find that she has self hurt on one
of her thighs previously
brown mexica blonde offers her a piece
of plastic plaster
white pleads for his medication implying
he has the virus and starts convulsing
but they are unable to find his
medication
while every other person is attempting
to choose the most ideal approach to
help
dark moves in the direction of the clear
screen and argues and is consequently
disqualified
blonde retrieves the medication for
white which was stolen from him earlier
by brown
and uses it to revive him the others
discharge white and request to know the
question
white proposes that there is no doubt
that the company will just recruit the
final competitor he and black start
arguing and race to get the guard's
firearm
dark takes the guard's firearm however
it requires the gatekeeper's unique mark
to fire
giving white the opportunity to recover
it white threatens everyone that they
should leave or be killed
white drives brown away from the room at
gunpoint disqualifying him
then at that point drives blonde out as
she leaves the room
blonde turns off the voice-initiated
lights permitting black to assault white
in obscurity white kills black blonde
has not totally left the room
one of her feet remains somewhat in the
room before white can kill her
the test clock runs to zero white then
at that point addresses the invigilator
yelling to the opposite side of the
divider that he's won but is
disqualified
it is uncovered that def has changed the
clock so the 80-minute time allotment
has not yet terminated
the glass divider is turned on and white
can see the outline of the invigilator
he takes a look at black on the floor
and understands that it has all been in
pointlessness
so he attempts to commit suicide he
can't because
as recalled the weapon will just work
with the gatekeeper's fingers
the gatekeeper disqualifies him by
putting his arm on white's shoulder and
leads him out
blonde then at that point recollects
that def had been utilizing glasses and
a piece of broken glass with a test
paper prior
taking the neglected glasses she
discovers the expression question one
on the test paper and microscopic
composition blonde understands that
question one alludes to the solitary
question asked of the group by the
invigilator toward the start of the test
any questions blonde answers no the
invigilator then enters
extended to the employment opportunity
and uncovers that deaf is really the ceo
of the organization
and a scientist who had found the virus
cure but also discovered a method of
rapid cell regeneration capable of
curing both the virus and the gift of
life for millions of people
the bullet that hit black contained the
cure reviving him
with the urgent requirement for the
medication and a restricted stockpile
the organization required an executive
fit for settling on intense choices with
meticulousness while showing sympathy
all attributes that blonde showed during
the test blonde eagerly acknowledges the
work
make sure to subscribe and turn on the
notification for more videos like this
thanks for watching